# Privy Wallet

External wallets are managed by an third-party client, such as MetaMask or Coinbase Wallet. All browser extension wallets, hardware wallets, and mobile wallets fall into this category.

Users may have multiple external wallets linked to their account. You can prompt a user to link an external wallet by calling the linkWallet method from the usePrivy hook. Alternatively, you can call link on any wallet from the wallets array returned by the useWallets hook.

Embedded wallets are wallets provisioned by Privy itself for a wallet experience that is directly embedded in your application. Embedded wallets do not require a separate wallet client, like a browser extension or a mobile app. They are designed for users of your app who may not already have an external wallet, or don't want to connect their external wallet.

Users will have at most one embedded wallet linked to their account. You can prompt a user to create an embedded wallet by calling the createWallet from the usePrivy hook. You can also pregenerate an embedded wallet for a user ahead of login.

All of a user's external and embedded wallets will be returned in the linkedAccounts array of their user object. You can determine if a wallet is embedded or external, depending on whether the walletClient field is 'privy' (embedded) or not (external).

With Privy, your users can connect external wallets like MetaMask, Coinbase Wallet, Rainbow Wallet, and more to your app. You can use popular web3 libraries like ethers.js, web3.js, wagmi, and others to request signatures and transactions from external wallets that have been connected through Privy.

Privy makes it simple for your user to fund their wallets with a variety of assets, through our default fiat on-ramp integration with MoonPay. Using MoonPay, your users can purchase cryptocurrency via familiar payment methods including bank (ACH) transfer, credit/debit cards, and mobile payments like Google/Apple Pay.

With Privy's embedded wallets, user keys are never stored anywhere. They are split up and reconstitued as needed to enable user signatures. Privy's embedded wallets can be recovered in two modes: Automatic (default) and Password-based. In automatic mode, Privy secures the cryptographic material needed to help your user recover their wallet across devices. This means wallets can be created behind the scenes, without requiring any user action. In password  mode, your users secure their wallet's recovery material with their own password, rather than one generated by Privy. Crucially, this means they will need to provide this password to recover their wallet when they log in to a new device.


