# ERC-4337

Components:
- User Operation
- Bundlers
- Entry Point
- Contract Account
- Pay Masters
- Aggregators

Two phrases: verification and execution

The bundler listens to UserOperations mempool, bundles an array of UserOperations, relays the bundles to the Entry Point.

The EntryPoint is a singleton contract that acts as a central entity for all ERC-4337 Smart Accounts and Paymasters. It coordinates the verification and execution of a User Operation.

Essentially there are two phases:

1. Verification loop: Verifies that each UserOperation is valid by checking it with both the Smart Account and the Paymaster contract.
2. Execution loop: Sends the callData in each UserOperation to the Smart Account.

The Smart Account is an end user's account. At minimum it needs to check whether or not it will accept a User Operation during the verification loop.

Additional features to support other account functions like social recovery and multi-operations can be added here too.

The Paymaster is an entity that is able to sponsor the gas fees of a UserOperation. It is required to do two things: 1) Check whether or not it will accept a User Operation during the verification loop. 2) Run any required fee logic in the execution loop.

The Aggregator is an entity that is trusted by Contract Accounts to validate signatures. They are often used to aggregate signatures from multiple UserOperations together.

Most apps will need to make three major decisions: how users will authorize transactions, what account contracts to give users, and what SDK to use to build user operations.

The relationship between the user and device: 1) authentication methods; 2) wallet; 3) mobile or browser.


The email is used to login the backend system. At the same time, the wallet is created and managed inside the backend system. The wallet can act as the signer and owner of the smart contracts onchain.
